In the last lectures, we not only had a look at some caching strategies and how they work and when
you might want to use them, we also had a look at how you can parse the URL of the incoming requests
in the service worker to decide which strategy you want to use for which kind of request.
So what I want to do now is I want to enhance this even more.
Right now, I'm just differentiating between the cache then network strategy for this URL and cache with
network fallback for this.
There are other strategies I can use though and feel free to play around with that,
what I want to do is, I want to see if the request I'm sending is actually targeting the help page or
our root page because in these cases, I'd like to present the offline.html file if we can't load it,
in other cases, returning this doesn't make a lot of sense because if we fail to fetch a CSS file, this
offline.html file isn't that big of a help.
So what I can simply do is here in the catch block where I return offline.html, I can also still have
a look at the request we got,
so I can check if event request URL is one of the given URLs I want to check.
Now you could write regex expressions here, I'll do a very simple yet easy to understand check,
I want to see if the request URL contains /help.
If it does, then I know this is my help page and there it makes sense for me
to return the offline page because that's the only URL which has help in it,
so that's only my help page, I don't load any other files from that folder,
so I know for sure that any requests going there try to load the page.
So there, I return the offline.html file if the request which fails is something else, I don't
return that because there, it doesn't make sense,
again it doesn't make sense to replace a CSS file with that.
So let's save this
and let's reload the application, again to install the new service worker
and once it's done, let's reopen the tab here
and what we should see now is that if I for one clear my cache here, please delete the dynamic cache
and I reload this again, refresh, here
it's a little bit emptier and the help isn't cached.
So now if I go offline, the main page works and for the help page, I still get this offline page just as
before
which proves that the if check is successful.
I don't get it for any other request which failed though
which makes sense.
So that's a tiny improvement
which also makes sense where we also take advantage of being able to look into that request
URL in deciding what the best strategy is. In this case,
it's a good strategy to return this fallback page, for other requests
it just isn't a good strategy.